Let's eat something raw
Don't be like your dad
I broke my body for a woman
You are not allowed to say that Yingying
Yingying is not just a woman
She is my everything
She helped me in the most difficult time
I will never let go of those who have hurt him.
Shengsheng, what are you talking about?
Please don't do anything stupid.
Now the group is not what it used to be
Shares and power are all in Nangong Industry
He Song Yuichi was injured
If we lose, we lose.
Grandma's money
I can still let you live
The days of fine clothes and jade food
grandma
Oh, I see.
Where is Song Yanyi now?
I think
Apologize to him in person.
Think of it this way.
Thirty Years Hedong Thirty Years Hexi
Bear with me.
Maybe these will be yours in the future
I ask you where Song Nianyi is now
Song Nianyi
There seems to be a fieldwork project today
On the construction site of the development zone
Grandpa Song
Hurt Yingying
Killed my child
I want you dead.